add_Token_Migration_for_Exchanges (#44)
iotaledger/chrysalis-docs: docs/guides/token_guide.md

- Your funds are successfully migrated.

For further information on the migration process, see our [blog post](https://blog.iota.org/firefly-token-migration/).

## Exchanges Migration Guide 

To transfer your user's tokens securely to the new Chrysalis (IOTA 1.5) network, we provide this helpful guide. 

There are potentially three ways with which you can migrate your funds from from old (legacy) to new (chrysalis) network:

1. Via **Firefly**. This procedure is explained [in this blog entry](https://blog.iota.org/firefly-token-migration/). This guide will just cover the programmatically approach to migrate.

2. Via a **Migration Address** Use wallet library solely for migrating funds from old to new network (in this case, you will have to generate and manage your new seed and migration address);

3. Via a **legacy Seed**. Use wallet library for generating, managing your new seed and migration process;

> #### Migration Guide - Via an Migration Address

Reviewer: an -> a

With this scenario, you generate your recovery phrase yourself. Then generate an address from it, generate migration address (as in the example below) and then use the same steps performed in section 1 for migrating.

> With this approach, its very easy to migrate funds to the new Chrysalis network. You just generate a new Chrysalis address and convert it to the old Trinary Format. 

Reviewer: it's

> ## Exchanges Migration Guide 
> 
> To transfer your user's tokens securely to the new Chrysalis (IOTA 1.5) network, we provide this helpful guide. 
> 
> There are potentially three ways with which you can migrate your funds from from old (legacy) to new (chrysalis) network:
> 
> 
> 1. Via **Firefly**. This procedure is explained [in this blog entry](https://blog.iota.org/firefly-token-migration/). This guide will just cover the programmatically approach to migrate.
> 
> 2. Via a **Migration Address** Use wallet library solely for migrating funds from old to new network (in this case, you will have to generate and manage your new seed and migration address);
> 
> 3. Via a **legacy Seed**. Use wallet library for generating, managing your new seed and migration process;
> 
> 
> 
> #### Migration Guide - Via an Migration Address
> 
> With this scenario, you generate your recovery phrase yourself. Then generate an address from it, generate migration address (as in the example below) and then use the same steps performed in section 1 for migrating.
> 
> With this approach, its very easy to migrate funds to the new Chrysalis network. You just generate a new Chrysalis address and convert it to the old Trinary Format. 
> If you send Funds to this migration address, it bridges the network and you have the funds available in the Chrysalis network.
> 
> #### generate migration address
> This is an example, how to create a Migration Address with Node.js:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Exchanges Migration Guide 

To help you successfully transfer your tokens securely to the new Chrysalis (IOTA 1.5) network, we created this guide as an overview of the migration process.

There are potentially three ways with which you can migrate your funds from from old (legacy) to new (chrysalis) network:

1. Via **Firefly** - This procedure is explained [in this blog entry](https://blog.iota.org/firefly-token-migration/). This guide will cover **just** the programmatic approach to migrate.

2. Via a **Migration Address** - This procedure uses the wallet library solely for migrating funds from the old to the new network (in this case, you will have to generate and manage your new seed and migration address);

3. Via a **legacy Seed** - This procedure uses wallet library for generating, managing your new seed, and migration process;

#### Migration Guide - Via an Migration Address

With this scenario, you generate your recovery phrase yourself. Then, you generate an address from it, generate the migration address (as in the example below), and then use the same steps performed in section 1 for migrating.

Using this approach, it's very easy to migrate funds to the new Chrysalis network. You just generate a new Chrysalis address and convert it to the old Trinary format. 

If you send funds to this migration address, it bridges the network and you will have the funds available in the Chrysalis network.

#### generate migration address
This is an example, how to create a Migration Address with Node.js:
```
```suggestion
## Exchanges Migration Guide 

To transfer your user's tokens securely to the new Chrysalis (IOTA 1.5) network, we provide this helpful guide. 

There are potentially three ways with which you can migrate your funds from from old (legacy) to new (chrysalis) network:

1. Via **Firefly**. This procedure is explained [in this blog entry](https://blog.iota.org/firefly-token-migration/). This guide will just cover the programmatically approach to migrate.

2. Via a **Migration Address** Use wallet library solely for migrating funds from old to new network (in this case, you will have to generate and manage your new seed and migration address);

3. Via a **legacy Seed**. Use wallet library for generating, managing your new seed and migration process;

#### Migration Guide - Via an Migration Address

With this scenario, you generate your recovery phrase yourself. Then generate an address from it, generate migration address (as in the example below) and then use the same steps performed in section 1 for migrating.

With this approach, its very easy to migrate funds to the new Chrysalis network. You just generate a new Chrysalis address and convert it to the old Trinary Format. 
If you send Funds to this migration address, it bridges the network and you have the funds available in the Chrysalis network.

#### generate migration address
This is an example, how to create a Migration Address with Node.js:
```

```javascript=
function run() {
  const { AccountManager } = require('../lib')
  const manager = new AccountManager()
  let address = "atoi1qpheapgshz9saf8mc6zdly96xyz5qdc2qspsv7ezem6fw8lv869ms3amw0g";
  let migration_address = manager.generateMigrationAddress(address);
  console.log(migration_address)
}
run()
```

Code: https://github.com/iotaledger/wallet.rs/blob/develop/bindings/nodejs/tests/migration.js

### Be safe!

Please take care that you...

> - ... dont create outputs that are lower that 1 Mi (to prevent Dust Protection).

Reviewer: don't

> - ... dont create outputs that are lower that 1 Mi (to prevent Dust Protection).

Reviewer: than

> - ... you use a limited amount of inputs (<10) and create small Bundles (otherwise your PoW will just takes to long).

Reviewer: remove the `you` at the beginning

> - ... use the [bundle-miner](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota.rs/tree/migration/iota-bundle-miner), if old bundle hashes include spent address. The bundle-miner will create bundles that reveal as few new parts of the private key as possible.

Reviewer: `if old bundle hashes include spent address` should rather be
`if inputs include spent address` the bundle hashes are needed for the mining, but they don't contain the addresses

> If you have spent addresses (which can be checked via the wereAddressesSpentFrom endpoint in the legacy network), we recommend to get the bundle hashes from the previous outgoing transactions for these addresses and use the bundle miner to create a bundle that reveals as few new parts of the private key as possible.

Reviewer: Says basically the same as above?

> ### Be safe!
> 
> Please take care that you...
> - ... dont create outputs that are lower that 1 Mi (to prevent Dust Protection).
> - ... you use a limited amount of inputs (<10) and create small Bundles (otherwise your PoW will just takes to long).
> - ... use the [bundle-miner](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota.rs/tree/migration/iota-bundle-miner), if old bundle hashes include spent address. The bundle-miner will create bundles that reveal as few new parts of the private key as possible.
> 
> If you have spent addresses (which can be checked via the wereAddressesSpentFrom endpoint in the legacy network), we recommend to get the bundle hashes from the previous outgoing transactions for these addresses and use the bundle miner to create a bundle that reveals as few new parts of the private key as possible.
> 
> More information about the migration bundle can be found in the [RFC-0035](https://github.com/luca-moser/protocol-rfcs/blob/rfc/wotsicide/text/0035-wotsicide/0035-wotsicide.md#migration-bundle).
> 
> 
> ### Migration Guide via Seed
> The new recovery phrase and the migration address will be handled by the wallet library.
> 
> Our IOTA Wallet Firefly is basically using wallet rs for the migration. There are three main methods exposed from wallet.rs:
> - [getMigrationData](https://github.com/iotaledger/firefly/blob/develop/packages/backend/bindings/node/index.ts#L203)
> - [createMigrationBundle](https://github.com/iotaledger/firefly/blob/develop/packages/backend/bindings/node/index.ts#L215)
> - [sendMigrationBundle](https://github.com/iotaledger/firefly/blob/develop/packages/backend/bindings/node/index.ts#L219)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Be safe!

Please take care that you...
- ... dont create outputs that are lower that 1 Mi (to prevent Dust Protection).
- ... use a limited amount of inputs (<10) and create small bundles (otherwise your PoW will just takes to long).
- ... use the [bundle-miner](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota.rs/tree/migration/iota-bundle-miner) if the old bundle hashes include spent address. The bundle-miner will create bundles that reveal as few new parts of the private key as possible.

If you have spent addresses (which can be checked via the wereAddressesSpentFrom endpoint in the legacy network), we recommend you get the bundle hashes from the previous outgoing transactions for these addresses and use the bundle miner to create a bundle that reveals as few new parts of the private key as possible.

More information about the migration bundle can be found in the [RFC-0035](https://github.com/luca-moser/protocol-rfcs/blob/rfc/wotsicide/text/0035-wotsicide/0035-wotsicide.md#migration-bundle).

### Migration Guide via Seed
The new recovery phrase and the migration address will be handled by the wallet library.

Our IOTA Wallet Firefly is basically using wallet rs for the migration. There are three main methods exposed from wallet.rs:
- [getMigrationData](https://github.com/iotaledger/firefly/blob/develop/packages/backend/bindings/node/index.ts#L203)
- [createMigrationBundle](https://github.com/iotaledger/firefly/blob/develop/packages/backend/bindings/node/index.ts#L215)
- [sendMigrationBundle](https://github.com/iotaledger/firefly/blob/develop/packages/backend/bindings/node/index.ts#L219)
```

 
```javascript=
require('dotenv').config()

async function run() {
    const { AccountManager, SignerType } = require('@iota/wallet')
    const manager = new AccountManager({
        storagePath: './migration-database',
    })
    manager.setStrongholdPassword(process.env.SH_PASSWORD)
    manager.storeMnemonic(SignerType.Stronghold)

    const account = await manager.createAccount({
        clientOptions: { node: "https://api.lb-0.testnet.chrysalis2.com", localPow: true },
        alias: 'Migration',
    })

    console.log('Account created:', account.alias())

    const nodes = ['https://nodes.devnet.iota.org']
    const seed = process.env.MIGRATION_SEED
    const migrationData = await manager.getMigrationData(
      nodes,
      seed,
      {
        permanode: 'https://chronicle.iota.org/api'
      }
    )
    console.log(migrationData)
    const bundle = await manager.createMigrationBundle(seed, migrationData.inputs.map(input => input.index), {
      logFileName: 'iota-migration.log'
    })
    await manager.sendMigrationBundle(nodes, bundle.bundleHash)
}

run()
```

> If you are new to [wallet.rs](https://github.com/iotaledger/wallet.rs), please check out our [Wallet Library Documentation](https://chrysalis.docs.iota.org/libraries/wallet.html).

Reviewer: Maybe add an additional note fore the backup, because all you get from the example is the stronghold file

#### Send them to the new network
The last step is to simply use sendMigrationBundle and broadcast them to the network.

Another important point is how we select inputs. You can see how Firefly accomplishes this [here](https://github.com/iotaledger/firefly/blob/develop/packages/shared/lib/migration.ts#L228-L277).

Basically, we need to make sure we create bundles that have accumulative balance >= 1Mi.

#### Migration Code Example with Node.js
This example creates a new database, account, and migrates funds from the legacy network to the chrysalis network.

 
```javascript=
require('dotenv').config()

async function run() {
    const { AccountManager, SignerType } = require('@iota/wallet')
    const manager = new AccountManager({
        storagePath: './migration-database',
    })
    manager.setStrongholdPassword(process.env.SH_PASSWORD)
    manager.storeMnemonic(SignerType.Stronghold)

    const account = await manager.createAccount({

>         clientOptions: { node: "https://api.lb-0.testnet.chrysalis2.com", localPow: true },

Reviewer 3: Guys, just to be sure. There should be an adddress to mainnet at the end of the day, right? The same goes to `https://nodes.devnet.iota.org`?

Reviewer: You're right, the address should probably be `https:/nodes.iota.org` for the legacy network and `https://chrysalis-nodes.iota.org` for the new one and for the client options we also need to provide a custom network name `network: "chrysalis-mainnet"` as long as the new nodes aren't up, otherwise wallet.rs sends a request to the node and will return an error

Author: Good catch!
